[TASK] Mention that DataHandler::$copyMappingArray_merged is internal (#2416)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Typo3CoreEngine/Database/Index.rst

Accessing the uid of copied records:
------------------------------------

The :php:`DataHandler` keeps track of records created by :code:`copy`
operations in its :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property. This
property is public but marked as :php:`@internal`. So it is subject to change

> future TYPO3 versions without notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in future TYPO3 versions without notice.
```

The :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property can be used to determine the UID
of a record copy based on the UID of the copied record.

..  caution::

>     The :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property should not be confused with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :php:`$copyMappingArray_merged` property should not be mixed up with
```
